Nobody move!
(Echoes): No!
(Explosion)
NCIS cyber linked
Bradley simek's communications
to a specific
terror cell, the calling.
We've sent you background
on a calling leader in France.
His name is Matthew Rousseau.
I know nothing
about any s-mines.
Dorneget, listen to me,
there's a threat to the hotel.
They know you're there. You need
to get everyone out of there.
Everybody out! Go!
Bishop:
Gibbs, dorneget didn't make it.
Vance:
CIA officer
Joanna teague,
agent dorneget's
mother.
The calling
is making a strong push
to recruit children.
Luke Harris,
right?
I don't know what to do anymore.
You talk to me.
Everyone hates me! Just kill me!
That's what
they want!
The supreme court justices.
Where are they?
A compound in the appalachians.
Well, get it on lockdown.
Bishop:
Who's Daniel budd?
The leader of the calling.
Welcome to Iraq, agent DiNozzo.
Is this Daniel?
The boy, Luke,
I'm sorry for being the bearer
of bad news, but...
Luke:
Agent Gibbs?
(People screaming)
(Shouts)
Tony:
Boss, just hang in there.
Keep breathing. Deep breaths.
You're gonna
be all right.
NCIS agent
with two gsws,
one to the chest,
one to the knee.
Franks:
I told you, probie.
It's all different now.
You trusted the boy...
And look what he did to you.
BP's at 160/95.
Rate is 110.
Pulse ox is at 94%.
Franks:
Kid caught us flying blind.
Never saw it coming.
Maybe that says something
about us.
Boss, can you hear me?
Actually,
that's my line.
And I think you're in my seat.
Agent Gibbs, I am Dr. taft.
Welcome to the USS Daniel
Webster surgical ward,
where the elite
beat the desert heat
and cheat the occasional ied.
Now, agent Gibbs, do you
understand what I'm saying?
Can you hear me?
Okay, give me
three more units of o-neg, uh,
run a cbc, chem seven, and
i want a ct scan of the chest
and the leg, keep the morphine
coming, and can somebody please
let Dr. winthrop know that
I've requested his company?
Got us a lovely table
overlooking agent Gibbs' aorta.
Doc, is he gonna be all right?
How does it look?
He's lucky he has
friends who care.
He's luckier that I care. Go.
Let us work.
Tony, come on.
(Talking indistinctly)
Tony, Tony, slow down.
One thing at a time.
That's great. Okay.
I'll let everyone here know.
Thanks.
Know what? Where are we, bishop?
Homeland confirms
the supreme court justices
were safely evacuated
from their retreat.
And the calling's bomb threat?
All too real, director.
Three bouncing Bettys
found at the site
were defused or detonated
by the bomb squad.
What about Gibbs?
McGee's on with Tony right now.
What happened? Is it true?
Is agent Gibbs
really hurt?
All right.
I'll-I'll call you back.
Okay, get back to him.
Hang in there.
Get back to who?
Get back to Gibbs?
S-so Tony's with him?
Gibbs was shot.
Shot?
Twice.
At point-blank range.
By Luke Harris.
They're prepping him
for surgery.
Luke Harris?
That-that kid?
Yeah, the one
that Gibbs was helping.
Any word on Daniel budd,
agent McGee?
He's still in Iraq,
still at large.
Details
are sketchy.
Ducky:
And Jethro?
What's his condition?
For what it's worth,
agent Gibbs,
you're not my first NCIS agent.
Not to date myself.
As if I have to worry
about that with this crowd.
Partridge family. Anybody?
No, sir.
No? Nothing?
Babies. It was during
the first Gulf war.
I was wet behind the ears,
and this agent--
oh, geez, what was his name?
Anyway, I remember we were short
on Lidocaine that day
but, lucky for him,
not cheap Tequila.
All the sawbones in the world
and you get chuckles the clown.
I bet this guy's
a hoot at parties.
(Weakly):
Shut up, Mike.
Oh. He speaks.
Uh, and it's cyril.
And, unfortunately, you're stuck
with me until we fix all this.
Now, i-i am not worried
about your head and your knee.
We've got a great ortho
who's gonna replace
the knee altogether.
Now, the real megillah
is the second bullet.
It shattered on impact,
leaving all these little shards
in your chest,
meaning we got
a lot of little bleeders,
some of them not so little.
So that's why I got to get
in there asap.
Where is DiNozzo?
Teague?
I was too far away.
I should have been
right on his six.
I let budd distract me.
Stop blaming yourself.
I knew, Joanna.
He had me on the phone.
I knew. He was watching us.
You knew what? You knew
that our sweet little Luke
was gonna shoot
his one true friend?
Neither of us saw
that coming, Tony.
How the hell could we?
(Phone rings)
It's Vance.
This you knew was coming.
(Phone beeps)
Director.
Tell me he's alive.
He is, sir, but it's bad.
They're working on him now.
I'm gonna stay here
till he's out of surgery.
No, you're not.
The best thing you can do
for Gibbs now is your job.
Director...
If the calling's
still operating in Iraq,
you need to get back there
while the trail is hot.
Look, sir, no one wants Daniel
budd stopped more than I do.
Then we don't stop, DiNozzo,
until the calling's dismantled
and this psychopath is captured
or dead.
We owe Gibbs that much.
Are we clear?
We're clear.
(Phone beeps off)
(Monitor beeping rhythmically)
You comfortable, agent Gibbs?
Taft:
Like me, Gibbs,
you're blessed to have
good people around you.
Got any more at home?
Kids? Wife?
Ex...
Wives.
More than one.
(Chuckles)
So you're doubly blessed.
Which works for me.
See, I hate to make threats,
but I am about to do everything
in my power
to make sure you
see those exes again.
So you do your part,
I'll do mine. Deal?
I'll buy you a drink
when it's done.
First round's on me.
You look like a bourbon man,
Gibbs.
Oh, see, I used to know a guy
in upstate New York,
hairy Tony,
and every time he did a shot...
(Beeping)
He's crashing.
10cc's of epi.
Let's put him under
and crack him.
Time to dance, agent Gibbs.
Mind if I lead?
(Oxygen hissing)
Still nothing? Anyone?
Anyone? McGee?
Really, Abby?
I can plainly see yours.
You can't see mine?
(Phone buzzing)
Ooh, that's yours, Jimmy.
Who is it?
Sorry. (Chuckles)
Just my...
Daily reminder to take
my digestive enzyme.
Bishop:
Okay,
all reminders, alerts,
and notifications
should be turned off
until we get word on Gibbs.
Right.
Abby:
So, the nurse that promised us
an update is actually
on the ship, right?
On the ship, just outside the or
with all our numbers.
Well, don't forget,
it's the surgical ward
of an aircraft carrier,
so they're probably quite busy.
And very well staffed,
apparently.
Did you find the surgeon?
Dr. cyril taft,
Navy reserve captain.
Decorated
Gulf war veteran
and a former chief trauma
surgeon at Walter Reed.
Hmm. After all that, what's
he doing stationed at sea?
True warriors rarely go quietly.
Like some other
doctors we know.
Abby:
So Gibbs has his very own ducky
performing his surgery.
McGee:
Can't ask for
better than that.
Well, no doubt
this Dr. taft has seen it all.
I'm sure that he has
everything with Jethro
completely under control.
Suction, please.
Would you like some
more water, doctor?
Uh, you've been with me
too long, Ryan.
I'm a surgical mouth-breather.
Oh. My tongue feels like karbala
in a dust storm.
Got yourself in a
fine mess here, Gibbs.
At worst, I expected
Swiss cheese,
but you are leaking
like a rusty colander.
Sponge. Thankfully, nothing's
permeated the heart muscle.
We got a ways to go.
How 'bout some music?
Any requests?
Got an old mix tape up there,
mo and mo,
half Mozart, half motown.
You like motown, ensign?
My parents do.
(Laughs): Thank you
for not saying "grandparents."
Feel free to sing along, Gibbs.
Okay, tie that one
off. One down,
way too many to go.
("My girl" by the temptations
playing)
¶ I've got sunshine ¶
(continues distantly):
¶ on a cloudy day ¶
sitrep.
¶ When it's cold outside ¶
DiNozzo, sitrep.
¶ I've got the month of may ¶
hey, McGee.
¶ I guess you'd say ¶
bishop.
¶ What can make me
feel this way? ¶
¶ my girl, my girl... ¶
(music fades)
(Door opens, bell jingles)
Jackson:
Son.
Dorneget:
Reporting for duty,
agent Gibbs.
(Train bells clanging)
Young Gibbs:
You got a rule for everything?
Shannon:
Everyone needs a code
they can live by.
I want to hear it again.
Gibbs:
I will take care.
I will come back safe.
(Echoes):
I love you.
(Girl giggling,
birds chirping)
Franks:
You do hear ghosts, probie.
I'm not up there.
I'm right here, daddy.
Kelly.
Pulse and BP
are accelerating.
Okay. I don't know what's got
your ticker pumping, Gibbs,
but keep it up. You know,
I'd like to shake the hand
of whomever invented
the exploding bullet and then...
Shoot 'em. Ah.
Order more blood and remind me
why I do this for a living.
(Song continues)
¶ my girl, my girl... ¶
(song fades)
Kelly.
Just let me look at you.
You got old.
(Laughs)
You didn't.
Is that why you're wearing that?
No.
It's a long story.
You do work here, right?
Yeah, I do.
Hey, guys?
That's okay.
We're not staying.
(Elevator bell dings)
(Seagulls screeching)
(Classical music playing)
(Monitor beeping)
Where you going, Gibbs?
Can't leave now.
It's almost happy hour.
Breathing's shallow.
He's in afib.
Okay. Might have to shock him.
Get that o-neg
on the rapid infuser.
Did I miss one?
Ah, you got to give
me a hint, Gibbs.
Can somebody please
wipe my glasses?
It's like I'm deep-sea diving
over here.
(Seagulls screeching)
(Girls screams happily)
(Talking low, indistinctly)
That was a good day.
We had a lot of 'em.
Not anymore.
You don't have good days now.
You spend too much time
thinking about the past.
Plenty to think about.
You have to stop, dad.
Things are different.
It's about the future now.
There are too many
people counting on you.
Gibbs:
Now, see,
you let go
of your finger out there
which is why
it goes out that way. All right.
Days like this make me wonder
why I didn't stay
in private practice.
Oh, I've had my chances.
Once even offered a shot
at being the president's
personal physician.
Dream gig, you know.
Air force one,
the status.
But, silly me,
I played hard-to-get. Oh! Oh!
There you are,
you sneaky little bastard.
(Sighs)
Clamp.
Pressure's rising.
Why play hard-to-get, sir?
Oh.
Politics.
In D.C., not even
doctors are immune.
So, I said no.
Two days later, the job went
to my friend, cubby Miller.
Oncologist.
Sweetheart of a guy.
More suction.
Naturally, I was
kicking myself for days.
And then, one night,
i got a page.
Five-year-old boy
in a head-on collision.
Subcompact versus beltway.
(Sighs)
Kid was a disaster.
Died on the table three times
in the 22 hours I spent trying
to piece him back together.
And did he
make it, doctor?
Oh, yeah. He just graduated
Georgetown law.
Best thing I ever did
was not take that job.
That kid was a good reason why.
Maybe you're another one, Gibbs.
(Monitors beeping rhythmically)
(Seagulls screeching)
(Giggling)
I miss you, Kelly.
You and mom.
Every day.
I know.
But we never really left.
What you said before
about people counting on me?
I'm not sure
what more I can do.
So what then?
You're giving up?
No, I didn't say that.
Fight back.
Bad people are
still out there.
If you don't stop them,
who will?
(Low chatter)
(Sighs)
Kelly?
(Shouting):
Kelly?!
Ryan:
Okay, pressure's
stabilizing.
Normal sinus. He's...
He's breathing
on his own.
Oh.
No. No, no, no.
Thank you. Thank you.
Now let's close.
I'm here all week.
Tip your waitresses.
(Sighs)
(Groans)
Forget the bourbon,
you tough son of a bitch.
Make mine a 15-year-old
single malt.
Our other top story-- the rising
tensions with north Korea.
Sources on capitol hill today
confirm a recent wave
of tough talk out
of Pyongyang...
It's amazing how
a government memo
that was
confidential yesterday
ends up on
the news today.
Bishop:
Well, if I were
to don my NSA hat,
I'd say the leak probably
came from the north Koreans
themselves.
Right. And what good is
the chest-thumping
if the world
can't hear it?
Ruthless dictators
do love an audience.
Boss?!
Gibbs!
You're back!
I thought we weren't supposed to
see you for another few weeks.
Hey, did you ever get that last
fruit basket from me and Jake?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, I got it.
Where's DiNozzo?
Oh. Right.
Uh, you wouldn't
have heard.
He and officer teague are
on assignment.
Boss, I'm sorry.
They... they pretty much put us
under orders.
We're not allowed to talk to you
about work while
you're recuperating.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that made for some
riveting home visits.
But, uh, no,
I'm-I'm back.
Yeah. I'm good.
Let me be the judge of that.
Take the elevator.
(Door opens, closes)
DiNozzo and teague?
Something to do
with the calling?
Well, it's good
to see you, too, Gibbs.
Hey, did you ever get
the fruit-of-the-month club
that I signed you up for?
They landed in Shanghai
about an hour ago.
Shanghai?
Off a tip
just yesterday
from one of teague's
CIA contacts.
Allegedly, Daniel budd has moved
his entire operation there.
Complete with his band
of teenage nightmares.
Might have something to do
with them falling off the map
in Iraq.
Yeah, just might.
It's like they vanished.
That why you called me back?
It hasn't been easy trying to
keep you out of the loop, Gibbs.
You are beyond too close.
Not to mention Dr. taft wanting
you to avoid physical stress.
You called taft?
The man saved your life, Gibbs.
You might want to listen to him.
Then why am I here?
You're here
on administrative duty.
With DiNozzo away,
i figured
McGee and bishop would
appreciate your support
in the office, not in the field.
Look...
Leon, I'm not gonna try to
sit here and tell you I'm 100%.
But chaining me to a desk?
You can take it,
or go home.
(Rapid knocking on door)
Gibbs, Gibbs, Gibbs,
Gibbs, Gibbs, Gibbs, Gibbs!
Are you okay?
Yeah.
What are you doing here?
You're supposed to be resting.
Abby, I'm fine. I'm-I'm fine.
Well, look... good.
Must be all that fruit
that I brought over.
Oh, yeah, the fruit.
Yeah, I got the fruit.
I got enough fruit
to feed a band of gorillas.
I was gonna bring you
some soup later tonight,
but since you're here,
i could just make it in my lab,
and you could have it for lunch.
Well, if you need me,
I'll be at my desk.
(Door closes)
(Music playing,
fireworks popping)
I'm glad you know
where you're going.
Oh, I actually took a wrong turn
a ways back, but we're good now.
It's just a couple blocks more.
Well, you could have
just said, "yes, I do,"
and I would have
been none the wiser,
but that's not
your style, is it?
Ah, yeah, honest
to a fault.
Is that a problem?
Quite the opposite.
I like your style.
Reminds me of somebody.
Old dorney.
Never one for subterfuge.
I guess he learned
from the best.
Maybe I learned from him.
Never thought I'd see
Shanghai like this.
Ooh, hold on.
I'm a tie man.
And made in the U.S.A.
I would like
to buy this tie. Oh, sorry.
(Speaking mandarin)
Oh, listen to you. Impressive.
I've been working on it.
(Speaking mandarin)
Ooh. I didn't get... sorry.
Can you just back that up?
It was a little fast.
(Speaking mandarin)
Oh.
Nice.
You have been so good for
my ego these past few months.
I'm gonna check in
with McGee.
(Phone beeps, line ringing)
McGee:
Agent McGee here.
Hey.
Tony, I sent you those files
just after you left,
so check your in box.
As soon as we're back
at the hotel.
We missing anything there?
Well, as a matter of fact.
Put him on the speaker.
Please hold for Gibbs.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait.
Gibbs? He's there?
Hey, boss.
Teague with you?
Yeah. We're on our way
to meet her contact now.
Tony, we got
to get going.
DiNozzo?
Rule 45-- I got it.
(Phone beeps off)
McGee:
He was in a crowd.
Maybe it was tough
for him to hear.
It's been hard on all of us
not catching budd
after all this time,
and never finding Luke.
Been eating at Tony--
i know that.
Budd's been quiet.
Maybe too quiet.
Is it something we said?
Taking a walk.
I'll be back later.
Well...
I think McGee could've given me
a little bit better heads up.
"Rule 45"-- what's that?
Clean up your own mess.
It's not all yours, Tony.
So, where's your contact?
Oh, right on time.
CIA officer Kenny yong,
say hello to special agent
Tony DiNozzo.
DiNozzo, heard a
lot about you.
Wish I could say
the same, yong.
Hang on.
(Tires squealing)
(Shrieks)
Oh...
And here I thought
you weren't
a real cab driver.
These calling rumors have
a lot of people jumpy,
myself included.
Our intel believes
they've set up shop
in an old computer factory
just outside of town.
Have we checked it out?
Surveillance unit's
(phone ringing)
Being dispatched,
but it'll take time.
We don't have time.
Hold on a second.
DiNozzo.
Daniel:
Do you know what they used to
call this town, agent DiNozzo?
Paris of the orient.
But it's nothing like
Paris, is it?
Hell, not even Paris
is like Paris anymore.
World's getting smaller.
Like the distance
between us?
How's our connection, Daniel--
can you hear me okay?
Why?
Am I breaking up?
No, but you will be,
into little pieces,
as soon as I find you.
Unless you end up
like your boss.
Lot of mileage on that man.
But he's got stamina.
The question is, Tony...
Do you?
Guess we'll find out.
Game's just begun.
You be careful.
Oh, damn.
Well, so much
for tracing the signal.
(Buzzer sounds)
Man (Over P.A.):
A block, sections
one through four.
(Announcement continues
indistinctly)
Look who's back from the dead.
Can't say the same for you.
Had I known,
i might have washed up.
(Buzzer sounds)
No luck finding my
friends, I take it.
Perhaps you now realize
the true power of the calling.
What, and you
the power of solitary?
What do you want?
Shanghai.
Where, exactly, and why?
You think I know
from in here?
If it was part
of the long-range plan.
Huh.
(Both laughing)
Look at you.
Oozing with confidence.
But who is the one
needing answers?
We're calling the shots.
(Screaming)
You want to play?
My rules.
My game.
The game is changing.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, you bet it is.
(Screaming)
Guard!
Talk first.
Deal second.
(Buzzer sounds)
You know where to find me.
Vance:
How was your walk, Gibbs?
You make it to Cleveland
and back?
Who are we
waiting for?
Transmission from
the secretary of defense.
Up, coming through
now, director.
Mr. secretary.
Director.
I wish I was reaching out under
better circumstances.
How can we help?
This bluster
out of north Korea
just took a very dark turn.
Some of our equipment
just red-flagged
a north Korean sinpo-class sub
arming a nuclear warhead
in the sea of Japan.
A warhead, sir?
P-8s out of misawa.
Picked it up on active sonar.
We're-we're still
trying to verify, but
pacfleet's all ready to engage
any threat if necessary.
With all due respect, sir,
why loop in NCIS?
Because we found
a whole bunch of computers
linked to the north Koreans...
And one of them's yours.
One of our computers?
You send the data link?
Already getting it.
(Computer chirping, beeping)
Confirmed,
it is one of ours.
Whose computer, McGee?
It's agent dorneget's laptop.
Reporter: ...Among the
allegations, the sabotage
of Pyongyang
international airport.
Thanks, Jake.
Call me later.
NSA didn't intercept
the north Korean signal,
but says that we should
take the threat seriously.
The white house is keeping
a lid on it from the press.
Only while they can.
How the hell could dorneget
be tied up
with the north Koreans?
Four months after his death.
Maybe because his computer
is still alive.
You found it.
On the shelf,
but not deactivated.
(Phone ringing)
Fire it up, McGee.
I want that thing combed
from top to bottom.
Vance.
Tim, why is it still active?
Well, cyber division
has a policy
of keeping workstations tied
to active cases
powered up and running.
Mind if I jump in with you?
Two heads are better
than one.
Make it three.
Pull Abby in, too.
Let's just remember whose
computer we're talking
about here-- getting
into dorney's hard drive?
Well, that can be
an adventure on its own.
Thank you very much.
That was the warden
from Lee penitentiary.
Apparently your walk included
a visit with Matthew Rousseau.
Would you mind
telling me why?
Just following up.
With your pen
stuck in his hand?
Is that where I left it?
If by "following up,"
you mean offering a deal,
you can forget it.
They just found him...
Hanging from a bed sheet
in his cell.
(Yong speaks indistinctly)
(Phone beeps off)
Yong:
Surveillance crew's ready to go,
but they'll be a while.
What is with all the delays?
We're CIA, Tony.
If we can't be stealthy
about it,
we don't go.
Well, I'm not CIA
and I'm done waiting.
So, let's go.
(Quietly):
It's live.
Warm and toasty.
U.S. agents!
NCIS!
(Shouting in mandarin)
Teague:
Put your hands up
where we can see them.
Luke?
It's okay, Luke.
Make sure he doesn't have a gun.
It's okay.
(Teague cries out)
Joanna, no!
Yong, block the door!
We got to get out of here!
DiNozzo!
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
(Explosion)
Joanna.
Luke went up on the roof.
We're tracking
the north Koreans'
sinpo-class sub, Mr. secretary.
My t.A.O. Is ready for
a preemptive strike upon order.
That engagement order comes from
the president only, commander.
I don't follow.
Why aren't they running stealth?
Helluva mistake on their part.
Or they sent
the signal on purpose.
Like we're being baited?
They got our attention.
Either way, I need to know
what's on that computer,
director, before it puts us
neck deep in world war III.
Anything?
Trying.
Abby?
Well, can I just say
that dorneget was some kind
of crazy, amazing genius.
He had access to a lot
of classified information.
McGee:
Well, we need answers now.
Ah, there you are, Jethro.
You wanted it fast.
Mr. Palmer made it so.
Good work, Palmer.
Yeah, the prison
was not too happy
about surrendering jurisdiction.
I guess inmate suicide
does not look too good
on their record.
Uh, well, not as bad as this.
Couldn't be suicide.
Quite apart from
the puncture wound in his hand,
the crush injuries
to the c2 and c3 vertebrae
show blunt force trauma,
not strangulation.
Murdered before?
Yeah, it appears
that not even
prison walls can
keep the calling
from doing their
insidious dirty work.
That's far enough.
Luke, don't.
I'm sorry.
I-i can't keep running.
You can come back with us.
You saw what I did.
You were there.
I shot him.
I killed Gibbs.
Luke, he made it.
He's alive.
But I saw him.
You're lying.
Only one way to find out.
What's it gonna be?
Defense secretary:
The north Koreans
are denying everything.
Insisting this is a mistake.
No launch codes
have been administered.
Some of our sensors
say otherwise, sir.
Who are we supposed to trust?
Time's up, director.
I'm going to the joint
chiefs to suggest we take
some form of action
against the north Koreans.
Sir, my team is certain
that there's more to this.
1,200 feet beneath me,
director, is a crew prepared
to launch an attack
of devastating proportion.
Now I appreciate the trust
you have in your people,
but my job
is to trust our intel
and the intel says
get ready to fight.
Miss Sciuto.
Abby: Yes, director?
Put agent McGee on the phone.
Okay.
Hey, boss, we found something
you've been looking for.
I'll be flying him home
in a few hours, Gibbs.
But we had to prove
you were alive first.
I don't understand.
How?
It doesn't matter.
The only thing that does
is what happens next.
It's your decision.
I'm sorry, Gibbs.
Where's budd?
He's using other kids
in Shanghai,
like he used me.
That wasn't
his only computer hub.
He's hacking from two more.
Teague:
Why Shanghai, Luke?
Luke:
He's meeting
with the Chinese today.
Some sort of business deal.
The calling was his way
of showing what he's capable of.
Where's the meeting?
Bishop:
He's got everything here
from chat room documents
to the dod.
Wait a minute.
What if someone tried
to backdoor his laptop
to get into
the Pentagon mainframe?
You mean the calling knew
ned was watching them?
So, while he was
watching them,
they used his computer to hack
into our warning system.
We've been busy searching
for a link to north Korea.
Are we thinking
it was Daniel budd
who armed the warhead?
(Door opens)
McGee:
Director?
It's Daniel budd.
It's about the calling.
Budd wants us to believe
it's the north Koreans.
Keep talking.
But we are confident
the north Korean signal
is not real.
Budd manufactured it
in Shanghai
and hacked
through dorney's computer
into our defense alert systems.
Budd did this?
Budd knows that we constantly
monitor military threats.
Through agent dorneget's
Pentagon access,
budd was able to create
a phony red flag
arming the sub's warhead.
He-he's a gamer, director.
He's playing with us.
Are you telling me this is
all some stupid war game?
Budd is auditioning to sell
his services to the Chinese.
What better way to up his price
than by demonstrating
how much damage he can do?
Director, if we're being duped,
i need proof.
(Alarm beeping)
Better make it quick.
We're detecting a second signal.
Defense secretary:
Talk to me, commander.
They're entering
launch codes, sir.
Still think
this is a game, director?
The calling's just upping
the stakes, but it isn't real.
They're trying to scare us
into a response.
I can stop this from here.
Give me the president.
(Alarm beeping)
(Quietly):
Come on, McGee.
Smoke and mirrors.
One second, boss.
Now, Tim.
(Beeping continues)
(Quietly):
Come on.
(Beeping stops)
Commander?
The warhead, Mr. secretary.
It's no longer armed.
Stand down, commander.
Commander:
Roger Wilco, sir.
And amen.
Cortland out.
(Phone ringing)
Is there something
we forgot?
(Tony speaking mandarin
on phone)
English, please.
You know I don't speak Chinese.
It's mandarin, Danny boy.
It's what they speak
in that Paris of the orient.
Come to make the day
more exciting, have you?
Oh, yeah.
Shooting you in the chest
at close range,
then a little dim sum--
perfect day.
(Whistles)
Well...
By all means.
(Grunting)
Move!
Out of the way!
Tony:
Yong, look out!
(Gunshot)
(People screaming)
(Yong groaning)
Go! Go! I'm okay.
I'm okay.
(Shouts in mandarin)
(Rooster crowing)
(Baby crying)
Hands where I can see them.
What about the hands
you don't see, agent DiNozzo?
I've got them
all over the world.
Do you?
Well, I'm only interested
in these two.
You think you've won.
But manipulating
your legal system
will be child's play
for a man of my talent.
And I know children who can...
(Groans)
Was that a threat?
Sounded like a threat.
I had to defend myself.
How did that feel, Tony?
Did you enjoy the rush?
The power?
You're not
a bond villain, Daniel.
You're a fraud.
And frauds don't get
to speechify like bond villains.
They do get to die like them.
(Gunshot echoes)
(Chimes tinkling)
(Dog barks in distance)
(Seagulls screeching)
Bishop:
Wish I could say it was quiet
around here without you, Tony.
Tony, where are you?
Nowhere.
Just thinking.
(Elevator bell dings)
Shanghai?
Mm. Seen enough of that place.
Ha. You and me both.
How'd it go
at juvie, boss?
Uh, Luke's gonna be there
for a while.
Then a halfway house.
Teague:
The adoptive relatives
insist he's still family
and they want
to keep it that way.
And you still owe me
for that tie.
I pay my debts.
I brought Chinese.
It looked better
in Shanghai.
Eh, keep it.
My parting gift.
Oh, thank you.
Duty calls.
I'm, uh, gonna grab a
flight out this afternoon.
Before you go...
We, uh, wanted
to give you this.
It's ned's laptop.
It's been scrubbed of all
its intel, but there's still
tons of photos
and writings on there
that we know ned
would want you to have.
One of the comforts I've
had these last few months
is knowing ned
had friends like you.
Thank you.
Thanks, Tim.
Gibbs?
Take care of your team.
And, uh, maybe let your team
take care of you.
Safe travels.
So, everything's
back to normal, right?
I guess that's all...
Cleared up.
Well, you know, I mean...
(Quietly):
Do we need to talk, boss?
What would you like
to talk about, DiNozzo?
Got to go.
(Door opens, bell jingles)
Hmm, well,
I'll be damned.
The mountain came to Mohammed.
You can't be surprised.
You cancelled your last two
follow-ups at Walter Reed
and you still owe me
that single malt.
Been busy.
You know, I do make house calls.
I'm not easy to shake.
Especially with patients
i find challenging.
I'm a challenge?
Oh, you know,
everybody
watching me
telling me to take it easy.
Afraid I'm gonna break.
Are you?
It hurts.
The pain doesn't go away.
The leg?
Yeah, all of it.
Well, going back to work
after all you've been through
is, uh...
Ill-advised at best.
Yeah, this coming
from the guy who keeps
leaving private practice
to work on a ship?
I do that out of boredom.
Which I guess is just
a nicer way of saying
depression.
(Chuckles)
My, uh, my wife and I lost
our son two years ago.
Um, leukemia.
Uh, if I wasn't back at it,
I'd be nowhere.
Literally.
Well, I am glad
you're back at it.
Are you?
Well, what does that mean?
Mm, just a feeling I get.
You see, uh, I have
two kinds of patients.
Uh, those who revere me
for saving their lives,
uh, and those who despise me
for the same reason.
Which one are you, Gibbs?
Things are changing.
Can't do it alone.
I've met your team.
Who says you're alone?
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and Toyota.
Captioned by
media access group at wgbh
access.Wgbh.Org